Add more information to custom code docs (#12491)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/usage/training.mdx

your pipeline and registered when it's loaded. See the documentation on
[saving and loading pipelines](/usage/saving-loading#models-custom) for details.

<Infobox variant="warning">

> Note that unpackaged models produced by 'spacy train' do **not include custom
> code**, you need to import the code to your script before loading in unpackaged
> models. For more details, see ['spacy.load'](/api/top-level#spacy.load).

Reviewer: This looks like an old version of the text?

```suggestion
Note that the unpackaged models produced by `spacy train` are data directories
that **do not include custom code**. You need to import the code in your script
before loading in unpackaged models. For more details, see
[`spacy.load`](/api/top-level#spacy.load).
```
